I swear to God.
The deep-seated hatred of the Qin Dynasty was my own doing.
White Prince, your kindness
My name is Lee?
But now you're lonely.
If anything happens.
Me...
It's just a crowd.
There's nothing they can do.
The future only you know I know.
It's not time to reveal my identity.
Between you and me as usual.
Yes, but there was a person who invited Vinh Lao Nu to introduce him to you.
Black Tiger!
His name is Black Tiger.
It's the dragon head of the East Sea underground.
Also a person available.
Where's the future Black Tiger?
You directly obey Mr. Qin's orders.
Do you understand?
The dragon's head did not dare to do it.
But the Black Tiger wondered if there was excitement in the East Sea.
The next day, you have any orders.
The volcanic sea is not a problem.
Mr. Qin.
This Baifu Dam black card case has billions of dollars.
You can save at any time.
In addition, with this card, all industries under the name Da Trieu Group, you can open their doors unobstructed.
Sir, you must accept it.
Otherwise, the boy would not sleep well.
Okay.
Then I've succeeded.
Exactly.
What are you polite about our house?